Add more configuration options to README (#349)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android-gradle-plugin: README.md

    site = "US1" // Optional, can be "US1", "EU1" or "US1_FED", etc. (check `DatadogSite` documentation for the full list). Default is "US1"
    checkProjectDependencies = "warn" // Optional, can be "warn", "fail" or "none". Default is "fail". Will check if Datadog SDK is in the project dependencies.
    mappingFilePath = "path/to/mapping.txt" // Optional, provides a custom mapping file path. Default is "build/outputs/mapping/{variant}/mapping.txt".

>     nonDefaultObfuscation = false // Optional, to be used if 3rd party obfuscation tool is used. Default is false.
>     ignoreDatadogCiFileConfig = false // Optional, ignore configuration provided in `datadog-ci.json` file if found. Default is false.
>     additionalSymbolFilesLocations = ["/path/to/location/obj"] // Optional, additional locations that Gradle plugin will check for `.so` files during `uploadNdkSymbolFiles` task. Default is none.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    nonDefaultObfuscation = false // Optional, to be used if a 3rd-party obfuscation tool is used. Default is false.
    ignoreDatadogCiFileConfig = false // Optional, ignore configuration provided in `datadog-ci.json` file if found. Default is false.
    additionalSymbolFilesLocations = ["/path/to/location/obj"] // Optional, additional locations the Gradle plugin will check for `.so` files during `uploadNdkSymbolFiles` task. Default is none.
```
